then the wind gave me the wild mind
Someone help you do not fear pp
you will feel nothing at all
mojacar
run for your lives way and where you want
run
if there are curves
now I could be at home eating
papitas living infomercials
Exercise machines on TV with me
cat but he did not want to go on vacation
help me please I have a bomb in the
hands and if I do not go out I'm going to disarm
but of course for a moment that subject
is flying I also want to fly hey
you want some grass ha ha ha ha ha
I do not just want to fly to save
that kid over there
this is the end or rays a last
so what habitat before I leave this
world or not or not
but what's happening children never take
drugs if you do not want this to happen to them
take pisco but do not drug goodbye this is
my end
how about youtube people here man
potato after a thousand years I have returned with
my new friend
make
shut up trash that started the video we've
trained a lot with dail almón then
wait does not make sense
that's digimon not good pokemon and let's go
to beat up those nuts over there
in
LOL
nothing of Mr. dailan mon
let's fight to death turtle arre
that they're going to put their missiles in, I do not know
where, but it will not be beautiful,
I know but that's not what's happening
questions to life and missile launchers
stupid turtle or I will not take you to
pokemon center after this
the silence that neither the pokemones nor the
turtles speak we have returned to the
teacher sometimes to the drain is fast
there's no reason to run away
all those things
they dance
will continue and continue and make a
turtle launch rockets is a waste of
better time I'm going to my home planet
Welcome to potato 6 x give me your
luggage please or will die hey
give me back I do not have my items and koke
raft there and some other good things
but you can not fly on the plane
I mean I can not play zeal that
have in there for the love of the rose of
guadalupe I'm anxious to go back to
house with my cat haha this is the best
My day is not the plane is leaving I 'm going
the plane aside the express potato
is about to take off I'm not going to
lose the novel ay ay ay what a sense
has life if I miss the rose of
guadalupe tell my mom to leave the
furnace on because I forgive myself for
take out your bras is that no
I found my briefs
they urinate I wonder where I am
it looks like the hospital you idiot your
Observation powers are disgusting every day
I am a ghost, be ashamed, your girlfriend is
You are weak for weak and you are weak
Grandma, I'm leaving here. Greetings.
20 earthlings was that hurts to butt
It smells like a book hopefully not
in front of
speak good shit
sir, do not do anything bad please
sad face well I just have to go
here to go back to my planet and eat me
some for some delicious jerks I'm one
the cndh I'm going for you xd but what the fuck
I'm where I started gold cocu Save me
ok ok sir man potato will have to
go through some tests to stay
in my lair hey you have the same voice
from the ghost that my silence kakaroto
now they are my allies help me
maintain order in this chiquero
good afternoon sir hello my son like
cochino passing high culiao what
happened in gold as a league tell me what I have
what to do to stay here to beat them
all our hahahaha
or if I know that I can put aside maricas
robe passes hopefully you fall leg
I hope you fall
note
or not and disease against the walls is
seizes me hahaha happens to you
buds me now I will win this salt from
on top of not getting out of the way
bastard I know what I'm wey but to take
by photo boludo or my heart I think
I would have a good cardiovascular attack
now I can beat these dodgers
open yourself vale roth alright I signed up
let's see that there is very little I have to
reach those who are ahead and
throw us aside let's go legs
I failed to r
damn legs do not fail me tell them
with a voice I will not lose
cocu I have not passed the test that tests
you're talking about mere mortal to go
I'm busy but I try it in money
and go let's play in this little machine
see what oval enter the money
Give me the money pass the coin with you
mother or kate in the and now to play not what
process did not process it did not process it to
shut up I do not gold damn machine
crap give me my money I hate this game
I hate this map I hate this server I want to
my cat
well this is the end of the video hopefully
I liked it, I liked it , thanks
to some insistencias of some
subscribers that prompted me to do
another video this receipt x of good without
nothing but say hello to the
people from chile my home planet denle me
please like the video please and subscribe to
my channel thanks for watching and goodbye